doc: Update migration docs post TTN V2 shutdown (#676)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/migrating-from-v2/migrate-using-console.md

## Prevent the End Device from Joining {{% ttnv2 %}} Network

> When your end device is registered in {{% tts %}}, it is necessary to prevent it from re-joining the {{% ttnv2 %}} network.

Reviewer: There is already a THE in ttnv2
```suggestion
When your end device is registered in {{% tts %}}, it is necessary to prevent it from re-joining {{% ttnv2 %}} network.
```

As previously mentioned, routing traffic from your ABP devices to {{% tts %}} via Packet Broker will be possible only if Packet Broker requirements are met. If you want your traffic to be routed via Packet Broker, you will need to re-program your ABP device to use a **DevAddr** issued by {{% tts %}} and **RX1 Delay** of 5 seconds. Please note that this is a recommended practice. An exception to this rule is the case of migrating from **The Things Industries {{% ttnv2 %}}** to **{{% tts %}} Cloud** deployment - here you might be able to keep your device's **DevAddr**, but you will still have to adjust your device's **RX1 Delay** to 5 seconds.

If you want to keep **DevAddr** and **RX1 Delay** as they were in {{% ttnv2 %}}, you will need to [migrate your gateway to {{% tts %}}]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/gateway-migration" >}}). Please note that this is not a recommended practice, because using an **RX1 Delay** of 1 second in a combination with high latency backhauls might cause your device's traffic to not reach {{% tts %}} in time, even if you migrate your gateway.

{{< /tabs/tab >}}

{{< /tabs/container >}}

> Even if you manage to get your end device traffic routed to The Things Stack by Packet Broker, we still recommend to migrate your gateways as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if you manage to get your end device traffic routed to {{% tts %}} by Packet Broker, we still recommend to migrate your gateways as soon as possible.
```
